>> Stephen: HEY, EVERYBODY!
WELCOME BACK!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN --
-- FOLKS, YOU KNOW MY FIRST
GUEST TONIGHT IS ONE OF THE
GREATEST ACTORS OF THIS OR ANY
GENERATION,NOY HIM AS TOUGH GUY,
PLEASE WELCOME BACK TO "THE LATE
SHOW."
ROBERT DE NIRO!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( BAND PLAYING )
>> Stephen: HEY, TOUGH GUY.
HOW ARE YOU?
HOW YOU BEEN?
>> I'M OKAY.
>> Stephen: GOOD.
GOOD.
NICE TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
ALWAYS NICE TO HAVE YOU ON.
>> NICE TO SEE YOU.
>> Stephen: YEAH, YEAH.
I WANT TO TALK ABOUT "THE
IRISHMAN," THE FILM YOU'RE DOING
WITH SCORSESE.
THREE AND A HALF HOURS LONG, YOU
GET YOUR MONEY'S WORTH.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: ONE OF HIS
GREATEST FILMS, EVERYBODY IS
SAYING.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: FIRST, I WANT TO
TALK ABOUT A GUY YOU KNOW AND I
TALK ABOUT HIM, I WANT TO TALK
ABOUT THE PRESIDENT FOR A
SECOND.
>> WHO?
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: AND BEFORE I ASK
YOU ANY QUESTIONS, KEEP IN MIND,
IT'S A FAMILY SHOW.
THIS IS CBS.
THIS ISN'T CNN OVER HERE.
YOU'VE --
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
OH, BOY.
YOU'VE PLAYED A LOT OF GANGSTERS
THROUGHOUT THE YEARS.
A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE
PROSECUTED ACTUAL MOB BOSSES SAY
TRUMP RUNS THINGS LIKE IT'S THE
MOB.
HOW DO YOU THINK YOU ACTUALLY
DEFEAT A MOBSTER?
>> WELL, THAT'S A GOOD QUESTION.
>> Stephen: IT'S WHAT I DO,
BOB.
( LAUGHTER )
>> WELL, HE'S LIKE THE TEFLON
DON, YOU KNOW, AND GIULIANI, OF
ALL PEOPLE, THE WAY I UNDERSTAND
IT, HE USED THE RICO ACT TO GO
AFTER GANGSTER FAMILIES, AND,
SO, IT'S UNUSUAL THAT HE, NOW,
IS REPRESENTING THIS GANGSTER
FIRST FAMILY, IF YOU WILL.
>> Stephen: YEAH.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> THE WHOLE SITUATION IS BEYOND
UNDERSTANDING.
>> IT IS, YEAH.
KIND OF HEARTBREAKING, TOO.
PEOPLE OTHERWISE WHO HAVE BEEN
HEROS FALL.
>> TO ME IT'S MORE THAN
HEARTBREAKING.
IT'S A REALLY, REALLY SERIOUS
SITUATION WE'RE IN.
I DON'T WANT TO BRING PEOPLE
DOWN, BUT --
>> Stephen: NO.
YEAH, I THINK THEY CAME
PRE-DOWN.
( LAUGHTER )
>> IT'S LIKE A PULL AROUND
CERTAIN THINGS.
IT'S LIKE LIVING IN AN ABUSIVE
HOUSEHOLD.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT CRAZY THING
IS GOING TO HAPPEN NEXT, WHAT'S
GOING TO MAKE YOU SAY WH WHAT TH
HELL IS GOING ON.
>> Stephen: BECAUSE ONLY ONE
ANGRY PERSON GETS TO SAY WHAT
THE TRUTH IS.
>> EXACTLY.
AND THE TRUTH IS NOT FROM HIM,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
AND HE'S A FAKE PRESIDENT.
>> Stephen: WHAT DO YOU MEAN
BY THAT?
>> WELL, HE CALLS EVERYTHING
FAKE BECAUSE HE KNOWS HE'S FAKE,
SO HE'S PROJECTING.
HE'S PROJECTING ALL THE TIME.
ACCUSE THEM OF THE THING THAT
YOU KNOW HE DID.
>> SOMEWHERE DEEP DOWN I DON'T
WANT TO GET ALL PSYCHOLOGICAL.
>> Stephen: GO AHEAD.
( LAUGHTER )
THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO
WANT TO REPLACE HIM.
YOU'RE A NEW YORKER.
BLOOMBERG OFFICIALLY ANNOUNCED.
YOU KNOW HIM, RIGHT?
>> A LITTLE BIT, YES.
>> Stephen: WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I LIKE BLOOMBERG.
HE'S AN ADULT.
HE'S A GROWNUP.
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: YEAH.
HE'S RUN THE CITY FOR 12
YEARS.
I KNOW THERE ARE THINGS HE DID,
YOU MENTIONED THEM ON THE SHOW,
BUT HE'S DONE GOOD THINGS, AND
HE TRIES TO DO THE RIGHT THING.
>> Stephen: HE'S PUT HIS MONEY
WHERE HIS MOUTH IS WHEN IT COMES
TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND CERTAINLY
GUN POLICY.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: THAT'S CERTAINLY
MORE THAN ANYBODY ELSE, I THINK
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THAT'S CERTAINLY A PLUS ON HIS
SIDE.
>> YES, YES.
SO, YOU KNOW, WE JUST HAVE TO
GET PAST THIS -- GET OVER THE
HUMP INTO CALM WATERS, AND, SO,
TO ME, BLOOMBERG MIGHT BE THE
ONE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
I LOVE BUTTIGIEG, I LIKE SO MANY
PEOPLE.
BUT IT'S A MATTER OF HE'S STILL
YOUNG, HE HAS TIME, BUT WE NEED
TO GET PAST THIS HORRIBLE
SITUATION.
>> Stephen: YEAH, THERE'S A
SENSE OF URGENCY RIGHT NOW.
WE NEED TO RIGHT THE SHIP.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: WELL, THE
IRISHMAN, AS I WAS SAYING
BEFORE, IS THE NEW MOVIE, THREE
AND A HALF HOURS.
I WOULD RECOMMEND MAYBE NOT THE
LARGE DIET COKE BEFORE YOU GO
IN, BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT TO
MISS A MINUTE, RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: WELL, THIS IS YOUR
NINTH MOVIE WITH SCORSESE.
DO YOU GUYS HAVE A SHORTHAND
NOW?
WHEN YOU'RE SHOOTING, WHAT'S THE
COLLABORATION LIKE?
>> IT'S THE SAME.
IT WAS GREAT TO GET BACK TO
WORKING WITH MARTY.
WE JUST DID WHAT WE ALWAYS DID.
>> Stephen: GIVE ME AN EXAMPLE
OF HOW HE MIGHT DIRECT YOU, HOW
YOU MIGHT TAKE A NOTE.
>> DO THAT LIKE THERE.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
( LAUGHTER )
AND IF YOU'VE GOT AN IDEA, LIKE,
HOW DO YOU CLEAR IT WITH HIM?
>> I GO (MUMBLING) OVER HERE.
>> Stephen: GO AHEAD.
GO AHEAD.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: SO CHATTY KATHY
THE WHOLE TIME.
( APPLAUSE )
A LOT WAS MADE TO HA OF THE DEAG
TECHNOLOGY PUT IN THIS MOVIE.
HOW DID HE EXPLAIN WHAT THEY
WERE GOING TO DO WHEN HE FIRST
CAME TO YOU?
>> THEY HAD ME TO DO A SCENE
FROM "GOOD FELLAS," AND I GUESS
THEY COMPARED IT AND WORKED ON
THE SCENE THAT I DID, AND
COMPARED THE TWO.
>> Stephen: AND DIGITALLY MADE
IT THAT AGE.
>> EXACTLY.
I MEAN, THE IDEA WAS ISLAND,
THEY REALLY WANTED TO MAKE IT
THE BEST IT COULD BE AT THAT
POINT, AND THAT WAS EXCITING FOR
US BECAUSE BEFORE THAT WE WERE
THINKING ABOUT WHO WOULD PLAY US
YOUNGER AND SO ON.
>> Stephen: WHO WOULD PLAY YOU
YOUNGER?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
WE WERE NOT QUITE AT THE POINT
OF GETTING TO NAMING ACTUAL
PEOPLE OR LOOKING FOR PEOPLE.
>> Stephen: I'M RIGHT HERE,
BOB.
RIGHT HERE.
>> WELL, I THOUGHT OF YOU.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: I'M BUSY.
YOU'RE BUSY.
>> Stephen: I'M BUSY RIGHT
NOW.
BAD TIMING.
>> AND THE YEARS WENT BY, AND
WHEN THEY ALL WENT BY, IT MADE
US OLDER, SO WE PROBABLY HAD NO
CHOICE BUT TO TRY TO DEAGE.
>> Stephen: I.L.M., INDUSTRIAL
LIGHT AND MAGIC, "STAR WARS,"
THEY COULD HAVE MADE YOU A
WOOKIEE.
>> THEY COULD HAVE.
>> Stephen: J.J. IS BACKSTAGE
AND STILL READY TO GO AT A
MOMENT'S NOTICE.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: WE HAVE A CLIP.
TELL US THE STORY AND WHO YOU
PLAY BEFORE WE GO TO IT.
>> WELL, WHAT IS IT?
>> Stephen: THE CLIP IS -- I
WILL TELL YOU.
I BROUGHT A CLIP FOR YOU.
IT'S YOU AND PESCI, OKAY, AND
HE'S HANDING YOU THE PHONE TO
TALK TO JIMMY HOFFA PLAYED BY
PACINO.
>> OKAY.
>> Stephen: HAVE YOU SEEN THE
MOVIE, BOB?
>> NO, I HAVEN'T SEEN IT.
>> Stephen: YOU HAVEN'T?
I HEAR VERY GOOD THINGS.
( LAUGHTER )
SO WHO'S YOUR CHARACTER?
>> A GUY NAMED FRANK SHERHAN WHO
WAS A TEAMSTER FROM JERSEY WITH
THE PHILADELPHIA MOB, IF YOU
WILL, AND JOE PESCI IS A MOB
BOSS AND THEY'RE IN PHILADELPHIA
AND HE SAYS THAT HE KNOWS HOFFA,
SO HE SETS UP AN INTRODUCTION TO
HALF FA FOR MY CHARACTER, AND
THAT'S IT.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
JIM?
>> LISTEN, I GOT THAT KID I WAS
TALKING TO YOU ABOUT HERE.
I'M GOING TO PUT HIM ON THE
PHONE AND LET YOU TALK TO HIM,
OKAY?
>> HELLO?
IS THAT FRANK?
YES.
HI YA, FRANK, THIS IS JIMMY
HOFFA.
>> GLAD TO MEET YOU.
WELL, I'M GLAD TO MEET YOU,
TOO, EVEN IF IT'S OVER THE
PHONE.
I HEARD YOU PAINT HOUSES.
>> YES.
YES, SIR, I DO, I DO.
AND I -- I ALSO DO MY OWN
CARPENTRY.
>> I'M GLAD TO HEAR THAT.
I HEAR YOU'RE A BROTHER OF MINE.
>> YES, SIR, LOCAL 107 SINCE
1947.
>> MY FRIEND SPEAKS VERY HIGHLY
OF YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
HE'S NOT AN EASY MAN TO
PLEASE.
>> WELL, I DO MY BEST.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: EXCITING TO SEE
YOU THREE GUYS TOGETHER OUT
THERE.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: WE HAVE TO TAKE A
LITTLE BIT OF A BREAK, BUT
PLEASE DON'T GO BECAUSE WHEN WE
COME BACK I'M GOING TO ASK BOB
HOW HE FELT ABOUT BEING A TALK
SHOW HOST IN JOKER.
STICK AROUND.